This is the configuration for a reactor up our single page application that is nothing fancy going on
over here.
We will take in the next docking container image as the base.
On top of that, we will put react.
We will copy react.
And we will also copy an Engine X configuration file, which will have the information of which board
to run and the next.
And from there to pick up the React build.
So those two information we need to put, so this is the configuration.
This is usual configuration that we have done for other components as well.
So let's just go and save this in Docker compose file.
Let's go to the bottom.
You can pasted over here.
OK, let's have it.
We are done.
Now we are ready to boot.
But before that, this let's take a look at the configuration a bit.
So this is the Docker files or indeed, Docker file.
Again, nothing fancy.
We are starting with Engine X base image.
Some tools we have installed, we have copied Engine X configuration to a certain location and we have
copy, react to a certain location and we unzip that vehicle.
So that's pretty much what we have done.
Let's see what's that in the image directory?
Image directly.
Like I said, there are two things.
So there is this reactor in zip form and there is engine con file.
We can just open this engine ex-con file.
So like I said it, the configuration that is there over here is that the port it is listening on is
port number eighty.
And for any real, it will go to this particular location where we have copied a reactor.
So that's pretty much we are ready to build this.
So let's go ahead and build this.
For that, let's move one level up
and speed.
So let's build this.
This will download Engine X will take a few seconds, so we will wait for it, and then it will copy
the configuration files and react.
Plus, it is installing some utility tools that should be quick should not take much time.
So.
Our container bill is done now, we're ready to launch it.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Up minus D.
S Beer.
So it has started a container, we can take a look at the logs.
So it started if you look at Docker process.
So this process is launched and it is up.
OK, so our entire system is running.
So let's go ahead and test our system.